CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Welcome to the Amino&#46;py cookbook contributers file!
This file will probably expand as I find more things to add, so do keep a watch on it.

## Contribution
If you have something you'd like to change, add, remove or amend, add a PR. I'll take a look at it as soon I have the time.  
Your contribution doesn't have to be reStructuredText like most of the docs, I can format it from clear text for you.  
I ask from you to check for spelling mistakes and for code samples that they're correct.
\
&nbsp;
\
&nbsp;


## Taboo Topics
While I'm open to contributions and suggestions, there is some topics I'd like to avoid for reasons stated below.

### Coin-farming
***Pretend that it doesn't exist***,  
 I don't wish to support code or tools that effectively ddos Amino's servers. I can't stop what you do in your free time, but I don't want to host it here.

### Automated Advertisement
Ads are annoying, you shouldn't advertise your website, servers, community or chat randomly to users. Check with the rules of the community and use communities specialised for ads otherwise.

\
&nbsp;
\
&nbsp;

# Contact

If you need something, my Discord is MaeMae#5082. My timezone is CEST and I should be around for most of the day unless something is wrong.

Commit message:

Add Online Time farming to contribution taboos

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Welcome to the Amino&#46;py cookbook contributers file!
This file will probably expand as I find more things to add, so do keep a watch on it.

## Contribution
If you have something you'd like to change, add, remove or amend, add a PR. I'll take a look at it as soon I have the time.  
Your contribution doesn't have to be reStructuredText like most of the docs, I can format it from clear text for you.  
I ask from you to check for spelling mistakes and for code samples that they're correct.
\
&nbsp;
\
&nbsp;


## Taboo Topics
While I'm open to contributions and suggestions, there is some topics I'd like to avoid for reasons stated below.

### Coin-farming
***Pretend that it doesn't exist***,  
 I don't wish to support code or tools that effectively ddos Amino's servers. I can't stop what you do in your free time, but I don't want to host it here.

### Online time farming
Coin farming and online time farming use the same method, thus the same for Coin farming also applies to farming online time.


### Automated Advertisement
Ads are annoying, you shouldn't advertise your website, servers, community or chat randomly to users. Check with the rules of the community and use communities specialised for ads otherwise.

\
&nbsp;
\
&nbsp;

# Contact

If you need something, my Discord is MaeMae#5082. My timezone is CEST and I should be around for most of the day unless something is wrong.
